README.adoc, before:

= Numerical calculations of magnetic fields

This repository contains code useful for numerically calculating the magnetic field due to some popular current distributions.

You can view and execute this code by clicking the button below:

image:https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg["Binder", link="https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/https%3A%2F%2Fmybinder.org%2Fv2%2Fgh%2Fpibion%2Fmagnetic_field_calculations%2Fmaster/master"]

Alternatively, you can clone this code and work on the code locally.  I recommend using the Anaconda python distribution if you want to work with the code on your own computer; it's available from https://www.anaconda.com/distribution/.  You should download Python 3.7; Python 2 is deprecated.

To clone the code you should either (a) use a git client such as Aurees to get the code or (b) if you are comfortable working in a terminal, use the following command:

[source, bash]
----
$ git clone git@github.com:pibion/magnetic_field_calculations.git
----

== Authors & Contributors
Amy Roberts
Staci Brown

Commit message:

update README for geometry_spec branch

README.adoc, after:

= Numerical calculations of magnetic fields

This repository contains code useful for numerically calculating the magnetic field due to some popular current distributions.

You can view and execute this code by clicking the button below:

image:https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg["Binder", link="https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/https%3A%2F%2Fmybinder.org%2Fv2%2Fgh%2Fpibion%2Fmagnetic_field_calculations%2Fmaster/master"]

Alternatively, you can clone this code and work on the code locally.  I recommend using the Anaconda python distribution if you want to work with the code on your own computer; it's available from https://www.anaconda.com/distribution/.  You should download Python 3.7; Python 2 is deprecated.

To clone the code you should either (a) use a git client such as Aurees to get the code or (b) if you are comfortable working in a terminal, use the following command:

[source, bash]
----
$ git clone git@github.com:pibion/magnetic_field_calculations.git
----

== Specify a custom geometry

To specify where the current source is in space, simply ??.

And then change the file the code points to and everything will automatically work.


== Authors & Contributors
Amy Roberts
Staci Brown
